Audited and improved existing metadata for main docs pages (#345)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/start/setup-channel.mdx

---
title: Select and set up an IBM Quantum channel

> description: Installation and set up instructions for IBM Quantum Platform or IBM Quantum on IBM Cloud to submit Qiskit and Qiskit Runtime jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Installation and setup instructions for IBM Quantum Platform or IBM Quantum on IBM Cloud to submit Qiskit and Qiskit Runtime jobs
```
